So you now have your code in a state that allows you to choose three components.
The first is the detector,
then the descriptor and finally the matcher.
In this part of the mid-term project,
I want you to compare the different methods from a performance perspective.
Now the idea here is to document both speed and number of mesh key points for
all detector descriptor combinations with a focus
on the preceding vehicle over a sequence of 10 images.
What it is interesting to look at the distribution of key points in the entire image,
please only focus on the vehicle directly in front of a camera,
and discard all other key points.
You might want to consider using an open CB rack structure for this purpose,
and use it's contained method which is quite
effective in removing key points outside of the rectangle.
There are three tasks I would like you to complete in this exercise.
The first is, count the number of key points on the preceding vehicle for all 10 images,
and take note of the distribution of their respective neighborhood sizes.
Do this for all the detectors you've implemented.
Second, count the number of matched key points for all images
using all possible combinations of detectors and descriptors.
In the matching step,
please make use of the brute force approach
with the descriptor distance ratio is set to 0.8.
Third, last when you compute all those matches please also
lock the time it takes for key point detection am descriptor extraction.
Once you're done, make a spreadsheet where you list your results and suggests
the top three detector descriptor combinations as
the best choice for our purpose of detecting the preceding vehicles.
Also please justify your recommendation
based on your observations and also on the data you collected.
One final note, we will not concentrate on the accuracy of the key points.
We will also not concentrate on the receiver operating characteristic of this course.
The reason for this is that this would simply involve
many more steps in which we need to lay the theoretical foundations such as
estimating homography on a set of images where we observe
planar surfaces which can then be used to compute a ground-truth.
Once you are done making spreadsheets where you list
your results and it's also suggest to us
the top three detector descriptor combinations as
the best choice for our purpose of detecting key points on vehicles.
Also please justify your recommendation based on what
you observed and also based on the data you collected.
Now one final note here, we will not
concentrate on the accuracy of the key points that we
will not use the receiver operating characteristic in this course.
The problem is that this will involve
several more steps into code and also would require me
to present to you
several more theoretical foundations such as
estimating homography is from planner points surfaces.
Also we have a body of knowledge on the Internet where you
can use to look up information on detector accuracy,
on repeatability and all kinds of measures.
So for brevity in this course we limit
ourselves to the three steps which I just talked about.
Now let's start with a comparison.
This will take some time to complete so go for it right away.